# JavaScript test ES6

Sample setup with Babel, Gulp, Webpack over ES6, transpiled to ES5 (source maps included).

All the code, Mocha tests and config files from Gulp and Webpack are ES6.

The is a **preload** bundle (to be loaded during page load time) and also a separate bundle (to be lazy loaded after the user presses a button).

The lazy-loadable bundles are automatically generated by webpack and the code is just requiring things internally using ES6/CommonJS, making it possible to avoid AMD/RequireJS for asynchronous loading.

## Install

Execute from command line:

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Transpile ES6, Unit test and package a bundle

By running `gulp` will:

1. Transpile ES6 code with Babel
2. Run Mocha unit tests
3. Package bundles with Webpack (dedupe + uglify)

```bash
$ gulp
```

## Development

Run in the command line: 

```bash
$ gulp server 
```

And open [http://localhost:3000/public/](http://localhost:3000/public/).

## JavaScript test ES6

----------------------

For the following questions, please organize your solutions so that each question can be tested independently of the other questions. You can organize the solutions in any way that makes sense to you. Don’t feel you need to finish every question in three hours. Instead, do each question to a level of quality you would be proud of releasing to a client.


### Question 1

Given 2 database tables:

    table students:
    | id | name | address |

    table applications:
    | id | student_id | score |

Write a query to list the number of applications each student has. Report 0 for students with no applications. List students first by number of applications, then alphabetically by name.


### Question 2

Given a raw string of html with no formatting like:

```html
<html><body><div><a></a></div></body></html>
```

Write a program to produce the following output:

```html
<html>
    <body>
        <div>
            <a>
            </a>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```

If the html is not valid (ie, there are mismatched or missing tags), print an error. Thus, the following two strings should produce errors:

```html
<html><body><div></a></body></html>
<html><body><div><a></div></a>
```


### Question 3

For the array of letters (a, b, c, d, e, f), write a **recursive** function that outputs the following structure:

```html
<a>
    <b>
        <c>
            <d>
                <e>
                    <f>
                    </f>
                </e>
            </d>
        </c>
    </b>
</a>
```


### Question 4

Write a program that reads a CSV file with information about different regular polygons (**all sides equal**), and circles. Each row of the file contains the name of the polygon and its side length, in order. Acceptable polygons include:

- triangle
- square
- pentagon

Note also that the shape "circle" should be accepted. Of course, a circle has no side length; instead, the dimension refers to its radius.

Here is an example CSV file:

    triangle,3.5
    circle,2

Given the input above, your program should output:

- A triangle with side length 3.5 u has a perimeter of 10.5 u and an area of 5.30 u^2
- A circle with radius 2 u has a perimeter of 12.57 u and an area of 12.57 u^2

Provide a judicious amount of unit tests for all the above requirements. You do not need to use a third-party unit testing tool. Just write some tests that give your code a good run for its money.
